USAGE

Physical Setup

Before executing any code the physical system must be constructed. Starting with the stereo cameras, they both must be plugged into the computer that will drive the stereo visualization. This computer must then be connected via ethernet to the Raspberry Pi. The Raspberry Pi in turn must then be connected via usb to the Arduino. The Arduino should have PWM pins 11, 10, 9, 6, 5, 3 connected to the servos in that order starting from the bottom most. The power supply should then be connected to the board where the pins are all soldered. If everything was connected correctly the arm should move to a straight up position when the Arduino is programmed and the servos powered.


Check ethernet connection

The Raspberry Pi's ip has been bound to 169.254.96.16 and should not change on its own. However, there are sometimes communication issues between the Pi and the computer. Before starting the programs attempt to ping the Pi. If the Pi does not reply a restart usually resolves it. You can also check what the Pi's ip is by typing "ip a" on the Pi's command line and looking under the eth0 entry. If the ip has changed or you require a different one ensure you change line 463 of sterovis.py to reflect that. Once the ping is successful, continue. 


Start System

Fist ensure the Arduino is programmed. You will know it is because the arm will move to a straight up position upon setup. With the Arduino programmed, execute completePipe.py on the Pi. NOTE, THIS MUST BE DONE FROM THE TERMINAL. We had issues with serial that we traced to the program being executed from Thonny. If the program successfully starts you should see "Waiting for connection" output to the terminal. Once this message appears, you can execute sterovis.py on the computer. This should open a visualization window where the hand and IK will be shown. NOTE, this program will fail to execute if an ethernet connection cannot be established with the Pi. Once the system has properly started you will see the visualization in the window along with a constant output of "sending sent" or "out of config space" on the pi. NOTE, the first time your hand enters frame after start up the arm will jerk quite suddenly before settling into a correct representation. This is due to the hand coming from the edge to center of the visualization very quickly. The arm will continue to mimic until you close the pipeline on the computer by first closing the window, then hitting ctrl+c in the terminal. You should also see "Pipe end" output on the Pi after doing this.